Testing:

Physical testing results-
Cleaning Agent Compatibility Test: The PET material was analyzed using prior research to understand it’s chemical resistance. Based on literature review and qualitative in-lab testing with appropriate chemicals, we have determined that: 1) the shield will not be negatively affected by isopropyl or ethyl alcohol, and 2) the shield integrity will not be negatively affected by bleach-based solutions., Hhowever, contact with these chemicals tends to leave residue that affects the transparency of the shield.  

User Validation Testing-
User validation tests were performed with Lewis Origami face shield samples manufactured at Prof. Jennifer A. Lewis’ lab at the Wyss Institute. All components met all intended material, design and dimensional specifications for this design. 
Samples were given to the participants in an fully assembled state. 
Responses to features related to comfort, coverage, ease of use, durability and other design input requirements were collected. In addition, the participants were also asked their job title and gender.  
Participants were asked to rate features on a 1-5 scale from insufficient (1) to sufficient (3) to excellent (5). A passing grade was established as 3.0, and all features were expected to get an average score above this.  
Participants in this study were residents and employees of the Trauma Surgery Department of Massachusetts General Hospital. 
In a separate user validation test, participants were asked to rate the same set of features for the standard face shield currently used at the MGH (Alpha Pro Tech Critical Cover® Coverall®). Participants in this study were residents and employees of the Emergency Department of Massachusetts General Hospital.  


Disclaimer:This content is made available subject to the following conditions:

This information (the “Information”) is made available for educational and research purposes only.  
It has not been reviewed or approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration or any other agency. 
The Information is provided “AS IS” and must not be used to make a clinical diagnosis, to provide clinical care, or to replace or overrule a licensed health care professional’s judgment.  
Mass General Brigham, including any and all of its affiliated institutions, is not responsible for ensuring that one’s use of the Information will be clinically sound, without error, or otherwise successful.
If you choose to use the Information, you assume all risk and bear all responsibility and liability.  Mass General Brigham specifically disclaims all warranties, express, implied or statutory, including implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement.
